What I love about small rental business
is you can start easily with very little
capital and you have an asset that you
can rent out again and again. You're not
selling something and then you have to
go source more goods. I started looking
for boxes and found tote rental was a
thing. Worst case, we have totes for the
rest of our lives. Best case, the thing
takes off and we need to go buy more
totes. We immediately had to buy another
120 because we over booked. And the rule
is we only buy and we oversell.
What do you know about the rental
business? Not real estate rentals, but
renting other stuff, moving totes,
podcast studios, RV rentals. Well, I met
a guy from Fort Wayne, Indiana that does
all kinds of different rental
businesses. He's a multipreneur. So, I
sent out a poll to my audience and said,
"What types of rental businesses do you
want to learn about?" You guys told me
loud and clear. And so, I found a guy
that's running businesses in these
spaces. The rental business is great
because it's low overhead. You learn a
lot of different skills while doing it.
You can scale it. You can use platforms
to grow it like RVshare, Outdoorsy, or
you can use Facebook Marketplace to grow
it. Or you can push paid ads to your own
website to grow it. Many ways to skin
this cat. So, please enjoy this rental
business episode with David. All right.
Tell me about tote rentals. Why is that
an opportunity? Okay. So, as we grew the
rental business, we decided we're going
to buy a new house, so we need to move.
So, we put our house on the market. When
we started packing the house to stage
things, I started looking for boxes. I'm
one of those that I I don't want to find
get used boxes and go to grocery stores
and I'm like I'm just too lazy. I don't
like hodge podge boxes. So I started
looking at like wholesale boxes loosely
exploring like could I do a box selling
business and found tote rental was a
thing. So there's a company in Chicago
that does it which is near us.
Indianapolis has one. It's really big
out west but Fort Wayne didn't have any
providers that that did it. So I was
like okay well how much is a you know I
was doing the math in my I'm like, I
could buy, you know, those yellow top,
you know, industrial totes for seven
bucks a pop. They were on sale. I could
buy, you know, a hundred of those,
>> 700 bucks, rent them out for $2 a piece.
And I was just doing some basic math
with Chat GBT, too. And like, how viable
would this be? The COGS are really low.
And so, I just threw up a website
immediately. And this website,
>> this is us. Yep. Totes online. So, what
we ended up doing instead of getting
like the consumer grade totes at Home
Depot is we found a there was a random
video on YouTube where a guy was like,
"I run a tote rental business and here
are my suppliers." And it was like a
real quick snap of like three wholesale
suppliers of totes. So, I paused a
video, looked up the companies, found
out they cost about 12 bucks a piece.
Okay.
>> But you have to buy them by the pallet.
So, it's like 120 totes to get the price
break.
>> 1,500 bucks or so per pallet.
>> Yeah. With shipping. And I also found
out one of their warehouses is an hour
from me and they always have about a
thousand totes on stock at any one time.
So I'm like, "Okay, let's buy a pallet
of totes." Worst case, we have totes for
the rest of our lives for any we ever
move again. Best case, the thing takes
off and we need to go buy more totes.
>> Yeah, it sounds like me at Bies. Like,
worst case, I'll fill my pantry full of
junk food
>> for a year. Best case, I have a new
business. I mean, a lot of awesome
businesses start out with that kind of
hypothesis, right?
>> Yeah. And let's just test it. And so, it
was admittedly a little slower to start.
Like, I didn't get immediate validation.
We put up some Facebook Marketplace
posts before we even had the totes. Um,
I was doing the This is when I was deep
deeper into your content and was like,
"Sell it before you have it." So,
literally like, "Hey, we rent out totes.
Hey, Nano Banana, make a bunch of images
of me carry carrying this tote. download
product image, you know, picture of me,
you know, it looked it it was obviously
AI and that kind of didn't do anything.
So, we took a more manual approach and
started actually networking locally with
realtors and moving companies and that's
when we actually got traction.
>> How did you get their attention? Cuz
everyone wants a realtor's attention.
>> So, there's a magazine in our town
called Real Producers. I love low tech
marketing tactics.
>> Yeah. And so Real Producers, it's a very
niche magazine that highlights and
they're in every town. You probably have
one in Dallas Fort Worth area. They
highlight the top producing real estate
agents. And then they also run
networking events. So monthly they'll
have one or two events where you can
show up as a vendor and just rub
shoulders with with realtors. So that's
we leaned into that heavy. So the
magazine gives you a print out of like
here's, you know, 50 realtors. Here's
the volume they did. Here's the average
home sale price. Here's, you know what I
mean? Like awesome data that you can
just snap a photo of and say, "Hey,
let's build a campaign around contacting
these realtors." And then my wife would
just reach out and say, "Hey, let's do
coffee." D. And she would go to all the
networking events. One of the things our
real producers manager of the of the
magazine for our area said was like,
"You guys got to have a subscription
program. you need recurring revenue. And
he's like, and realtors love to give
gifts and they love unique gifts. So,
we're like, okay, let's make a realtor
gifting program. Now, we have realtors
signed up on a monthly basis that pay
basically a subscription to gift moving
boxes to their clients for closings.
>> So, realtors are paying you on a monthly
subscription
>> so they can gift that subscription to
their clients.
>> Yep.
>> As like a housewarming gift.
>> Yeah. Here's 20 totes for your move. And
then we we have like a a pouch on the
side of the tote and we make a nice
print out. This move is powered by
>> so and so from Coldwell Banker or what
you know whatever
>> real estate firm and we deliver the
totes. The people move. We don't want to
handle any of the moving
>> or packing.
>> Yeah.
>> And then when they're done we go pick
them up.
>> Logistically, how does it work? So how
much is a a realtor paying you every
month on average for something like
this?
>> So we do two per month and five per
month packages. So if they did two per
month, we discount it heavily. So you'll
see like we charge $99 for 20 totes.
They pay 60 and we do two at a time. So
they do 120 a month at the base, you
know, tier and then they can go up to
like three or 500 a month, whatever it
is for five rentals. Five time six is I
can't math right now. 300. We had one
realtor immediately that was like, well,
I just want to pay for the whole year.
We're like, okay.
>> Yeah, cool.
>> So and we had to build like a way to
track that. So I' I've built software
around this whole business.
>> Okay. So if a realtor's paying for a 100
totes a month or whatever, what happens
when they want to gift some of those
out? Like logistically, what do they do?
>> Yeah. So we built a claim portal. So
they have their own agent login that
they can go in and see how many credits
they have. They can create the gift
order in our system.
>> The credits roll over if they don't use
them.
>> Yep.
>> Okay.
>> When the customer redeems it, I built an
upsell mechanism. So the customer gets
20 totes free
>> cuz they probably need more.
>> They might need more. So what the way we
did it was your realtor gave you a $100
gift. So the realtor paid 60, you get
100 to spend towards a a bigger package
if you want more totes basically is how
it works.
>> So you open the magazine, you see the
high producers, your wife reaches out to
them via text, and what does she say?
>> She actually meets them in person at the
events. Like we they have a monthly
event. We haven't actually done any cold
outreach yet. Interesting. So, she sees
who they are beforehand
>> and then shows up in person at the
event, hands out a business card. Here's
who I am. Here's what we do.
>> Let's have coffee. Let's talk about it.
I'm going to show you more about what we
do. Yeah,
>> man. That's brilliant. Do you have any
numbers on like what her success rate is
or close rate is?
>> Oh, man. I wish I wish we were that
sophisticated.
>> I have to think it's pretty high if
you're doing it in person and their high
volume. Like, it's not just a realtor.
It's a realtor that is already paying
for gifts.
>> Mhm. So, you're just asking them to be a
little more unique and pay for your
gifts, right? Real quick, please
subscribe to my channel. I know it's
kind of lame to ask, but it means a lot.
Thanks.
>> If they haven't subscribed, they what
we've seen so far is they will try us
out first. So, like, can I just buy one?
It's a slow real estate time of year
here, too. So, there's not a lot of
closings happening right now. So,
they'll be like, "Let's try one." Right?
And then it's like then the light bulb
clicks because it's like customers rave
about it. They're like, "Oh, these totes
were awesome." And the realtor loves it.
We had one realtor say like, "I love how
hands off the gift was for me because
you guys just took care of it. You
delivered them. You picked them up. Like
I didn't have to do anything. I just
gave you the info and you took care of
it."
>> How is this going? Are you booked? Are
you expanding the business?
>> We started with those 120. We
immediately had to buy another 120
because we over booked.
>> Wow.
>> And so now we're up to almost 400 totes.
>> That's amazing. And the rule is we only
buy totes when we oversell.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And hopefully we don't oversell on a
weekend because we can get the I can get
an order to from the warehouse that I
mentioned within 24 to 48 hours.
>> Yeah. What do you love about the rental
business? What do you hate? I love that
we can start small in rentals because my
wife has always wanted to do property
ownership and like, you know, go that
route with being a landlord and renting
out property, but that's a substantially
larger investment and a lot of risk.
What I love about small small rental
business is you can you can start easily
with very little capital.
>> Mhm.
>> And you have an asset that you can
>> rent out again and again. It's not
you're not selling something and then
you have to go source more
>> more goods and and whatever. Um I like
that aspect of it where it's and I like
the I guess niche nature of doing
several small rental businesses as
opposed to being like sunb belt rentals
where we just rent everything, right?
>> Yep. You could add anything to this.
Like you could start renting tables and
chairs to weddings, right? Or stuff like
that.
>> Yeah. It's been interesting people how
they use the totes that we didn't
foresee. they find uses for them. Like
we had um a wedding planner call us and
say, "Hey, I've got a bride who they
have a venue. We have to bring all of
the centerpieces in for the tables and
but boxes won't work cuz they're, you
know, for whatever reason." But like,
yeah, I mean, it's a great use case. We
had another guy, he moved a 180galon
fish tank because all of his coral and
everything had to be like, you know, in
water and his fish obviously. So, wow.
This is obviously don't work for that.
>> Yeah.
I would think that like your biggest
quote unquote competition for this is
just the fact that people don't know
this is a thing that it's possible,
right?
>> My mind doesn't go there if I'm moving.
>> Yeah. Awareness marketing is kind of the
because nobody's searching for this. The
best search term I've kind of latched on
to is like moving boxes.
>> Let me show you something. I just went
to Google Trends. I typed in tote rental
2004 to today. And look at that. Oh, for
those listening, it's basically up until
2011, there were there was zero search
volume and then there was a good bit in
and then it is up and to the right. As
of right now, like the relative score is
100 out of 100. And some people
misunderstand how Google Trends works.
This doesn't mean that like, oh, we've
peaked, it's going down now. It's like
no, like if 10% more people search total
next week, then it would next week would
be at 100 and then this week would be at
90, right?
>> So this is exactly what you want to see
in a Google Trends chart.
>> Soing title wave is on your side. I mean
I think people are sick of throwing away
>> Amazon boxes. It just doesn't feel
right, you know?
>> Yeah. and we tried to price it. So, you
know, you can buy box kits from like
Home Depot for three, 400 bucks for, you
know, they have like a fourbedroom box
kit and it's different sizes and things,
but you know, you still have to get rid
of those or and you still have to tape
all the boxes and put them together. We
actually had a box open up on us when we
moved last. So, it's just like we we
were done with it. Like we just don't
want boxes anymore.
>> Yeah. So, you started with buying an
Ember Polebehind RV for yourself, for
your own use. Y
>> and you financed that through a bank and
through your 401k and what is your
monthly payment on that give or take?
>> It's about 400 a month.
>> Okay. $400 a month payment. And then you
came across this Facebook group for
people renting out RVs and their first
bit of advice was don't rent your own.
So you went on the hunt for a second RV
that could you could use only for
business and you found a JCO class C,
right?
>> Uh JCO JFlight travel trailer. So it's
another pull behind.
>> Okay. Another pull behind. Yep. And you
paid about 20,000 for that.
>> And you financed that one as well. Okay.
So, what's your payment on the JCO, your
business? So, it's about 400 a month.
Yeah. Okay.
>> It's about 600 a month for the Ember.
>> Okay. And how long did you have the
Ember before you decided to start doing
this as a business with the JCO? So,
about a year and a half.
>> And then you leaned on this Facebook
group for support on like how to and
insurance and all that.
>> Yep. There's different ways to run this
business. Some people are very handsoff.
You know, you're renting the bear the
travel trailer and like it has a
mattress. We don't give you bedding. We
don't give you towels. Just bring your
own everything. And then there's people
that are like, "No, this is Airbnb on
wheels. We like set you up with,
>> you know, cookware and cutlery and all
the linens you need, towels, toilet
paper, everything you basically need to
go camping."
>> Yeah. And that's what we did.
>> We're the ladder. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Smart. Remove the friction, the
confusion. keep it as simple as
possible. Okay, so you buy it. What do
you do next? What are your first steps
after buying this thing?
>> So, uh it was kind of the end of season
and that's why we we got a decent deal
on it, which in where I live, camping
season ends November 1st. And so, we
bought it at the very end of September.
So the very first step was take
pictures, put it on Outdoorsy and RV
Share and RVEZY, all the marketplace
sites, and just see if we get a rental,
create Facebook marketplace posts, point
people to those. We got one rental in
the fall for Halloween weekend. That was
our very first customer. And you're in
Fort Wayne, Indiana.
>> Yep.
>> How long did it take you to get that
first rental?
>> It was within a couple weeks.
>> Okay. Are you able to share your screen
and show us what your what the JCO looks
like?
>> Yeah. Let me pull up my website.
>> Did you hire a photographer for the
pictures or did you take them yourself?
>> I took these myself with my iPhone.
>> Are those the same pictures you have on
the listing today?
>> Yep. So, this is from my website. So,
basically just your kind of every every
feature.
>> And can you pull this with like a Ford
F-150 or do you need something bigger?
>> Yep. Yep. You can pull it with a with a
regular pickup truck or a large SUV. I
think this trailer weighs in at about
4,800 lb and about 500 lb of tongue
weight.
>> What made you decide on this? So, how
how long is this one?
>> So, this is a 26 ft
>> bunk house.
>> Uh it was nine.
>> Yep. And it was important for us to do
the bunk house um per recommendations of
the group because a lot of people were
like, "Do people want teardrops? Do they
want is it are there a lot of couples
camping?" And pretty much unanimously
everyone said the best sellers are are
bunk houses the most.
>> Yep. Because you don't really pay a lot
more for the bunk houses, but you you
broaden your market, right?
>> Much more people that might want to rent
it.
>> Okay. So that's why you ordered the bunk
house. What made you decide on like a 20
something footer this year, this price
range, etc.? Did you do much much
research to land on that? I kind of
missed a little bit of the story in the
beginning because um before I we went
out and bought a camper, I actually went
on Outdoorsy and found all the travel
trailer listings in my area and saw what
the what they were charging cuz it's
really important to know what your
market can do. In Florida or out in the
mountains in Colorado, you can get 200 a
night, but in the Midwest Indiana, you
know, we don't have amazing, you know,
state, you know, national park
destinations. you're you're camping in
state parks and festivals and concerts
and those sorts of things. So, did
market research on what listings were
out there and then I actually started
messaging people that had listings and
people that had multiple campers listed
was like, "Hey, how are you doing? Like,
what kind of sales are you doing? How
how you know, it looks like your
calendar is pretty booked up for the
summer. Would you mind sharing with me
what you're doing in revenue and and
whatnot?" And the the feedback I got
from a couple owners was like, "We
reliably do about $5,000 every year.
Every every season." Per camper.
>> Okay. In rent per camper per season.
Okay.
>> Yep.
>> How many people were willing to talk to
you about this?
>> Two people. Uh well, there's the people
on the Facebook group, right, once I
found the group. And there's lots of
people in that group, but everyone that
I reached out to about this on Outdoorsy
was was open. So, there's a couple
couple people. I didn't go super deep.
It was just like,
>> yeah, whenever I'm doing research on
like RV Share Outdoorsy or Airbnb, I
like to run a search for the unit I'm
curious about for like this immediate
weekend and then one for a year from
now. That way you can see like, all
right, there's three available this
weekend and there's 30 available next
year. Wow, okay, it's 90% occupied right
now. The market is 90% occupied. And
then you can change it like, all right,
let's look at a class A RV this weekend
and next year. All right, there's six
this weekend and eight next year. It's
like, well, that's not great. You know,
nothing's taken.
>> So, did you do any stuff like that? I
didn't go super deep. I I kind of went
out on faith. It was just like, yeah,
this will work.
>> Yeah,
>> I could sell $5,000 and that would cover
basically the the payments. And then I
know I could do better than that. Or at
least, you know, optimistic me was like,
they're not even on, you know, Facebook
Marketplace. They're not even on RV
Share. They're not like pushing ads
these, you know, they're just putting it
on one platform and it does that. So,
>> yeah.
>> Did you know you can build a six-figure
business with only a 10,000 person email
list? I just talked to the founder of
Beehive and he told me that there are
people with 10 to 15,000 subscribers
making more than newsletters that are 10
times that size. Here's how. Well, this
one designed newsletter with around
15,000 subs doesn't just sell ads. They
run two-week online cohorts four times a
year that generate six figures. And on
top of that, they're charging companies
20 to $30,000 to get in front of their
audience. And that's on one small focus
list. This is not about going viral
anymore. It's about owning a niche and
monetizing it correctly. And Beehive
gives you exactly the tools to do just
that, like surveys to understand exactly
who your readers are, or a built-in
recommendation network to grow
automatically. Paid subscriptions,
digital products, sponsorship tools, and
you keep 100% of the revenue. You don't
need a massive audience to run a
successful business. You need the right
system. So move your email list over
today and try out Beehive with 30% off
for 30 days with code chris30 because
this might be the simplest, highest
leverage business that you can build
right now. Just go to beehive.com/chris
to learn more. That's behiv.com/chris.
And when you say a season, you mean like
March to October? Yeah, our season we
really started booking like mid June
till the end of October. So November 1st
is when the the state parks all
winterize here. So they shut off like
the dump stations and that kind of
stuff.
>> So your season doesn't even start till
June then.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow. Okay. All right. Now, how how long
ago did you first start this?
>> Last summer was our first full summer.
So it was the year before that. So it
would have been 2024.
End of 24.
>> End of 24. All right. So your first
season was the beginning of 25. Yeah.
>> Or the middle of 25. What did you end up
doing in in revenue that season?
>> So, we did about $7,000.
>> Wow. Okay. And you went into it thinking
5,000 is base case. I think I can beat
that.
>> Mhm.
>> Okay.
>> Yep.
>> What were your payments across that same
time frame?
>> Like total?
>> Yeah. I guess 400 time 12.
>> 4,800.
>> Yep.
>> Okay. And then insurance?
>> How much is insurance?
>> So insurance is uh about 30 see $60 a
month. Oh, that's nothing.
>> All right. So, you're at 5,200 give or
take and then other random expenses. So,
you made a profit.
>> Yeah.
>> Effectively
>> slim, but yeah. Approved it. I proved
out the concept that
>> Yeah.
>> it would work for one unit at least.
>> Yeah. And that's your first season.
That's like with very low what's it
called? Like you don't have any reviews
yet. You don't have any track record.
You don't have any repeat business yet.
Whereas season two, this season, it
should look a lot better, right?
>> Yeah. And in fact, we're already we
already have three bookings.
>> Wow.
>> On, you know, for July um that are
repeat customers, right?
>> All three of them.
>> Uh yes. Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> So, our very first customer, the one I
got that October Halloween, end of that
first season, she booked again. So, she
was our last customer this year or last
year, I guess. And that was a big thing
for us was we treat the platforms like
they're a lead genen source because they
Outdoors is pouring a ton of money into
ads.
>> Mhm. we can't outspend them. There are
just everywhere, right? And they take a
pretty large cut. U they take about 25%
of the rental fee. So, and they charge
the customer for extra insurance and
ancillary fees and you all all the
things. So, we built our our own site to
do our own bookings and the customer
saves a ton of money and we make a lot
more money because we charge the same
nightly rate.
>> We just don't pay the fees. So, those
repeat customers are coming back direct.
>> Yeah. So, is that 7,000 before or after
fees?
>> That's after fees.
>> Oh, nice. So, closer to 10,000 gross.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So, you're happy with that? And
did you have any like stressful moments?
Cuz I, you know, I've been in this
business and I'll never forget it was
spring break. We were at the beach. My
RV was rented out. They took it to Grand
the Grand Canyon all the way from Dallas
and I'm trying to relax on spring break
and they call me, you know, the Grand
Canyon gets very cold. Even in March,
it's very cold. And they said the heat
the heat went out. What do we do? And
I'm like, I don't freaking know. Like,
I'm in Florida. You're in the Grand
Canyon. Like, I I don't know what to do,
man. I didn't know what to do. Like, I
kind of walked him through a few things
and I hung up the phone and I felt bad.
I wasn't a jerk to him. Like, I felt bad
for him, but I also didn't know what to
do. like, "I'll I'll pay for your hotel.
I'm sorry." And I hung up the phone and
I looked at my wife in bed and I was
like, "We're selling that thing. Done."
Right? Because it was like a it was a
class C. And so there's so much stuff
that can go wrong. For those listening
or watching, like a class C is it's a
motor home. It's a vehicle and a house.
It's like the two things in the world
that break the most together. Except
it's very rickety because they have to
be light, you know?
>> Yeah. Yeah, but I really feel like if if
this were a business like just a
business RV and especially if you hit
scale, like if you have a few units and
you can outsource calls like that, it's
a really really good business. I've been
on the record several times saying, "I
love this business, this industry, which
is why we're talking today." Yeah. The
mentors in the group that I joined, that
Facebook group, some of those are, you
know, they have 20 to 50 units, like
they scaled it. They have their own yard
and they have staff that turns
everything. And for us, it was about
having good process and good training um
and doing very thorough walkthroughs
with the customers. A lot of our rentals
are actually deliveries because not
everybody has an F-150
>> or or a larger vehicle. So, we have the
benefit of removing that as a risk on a
lot of the rentals because I'm the one
driving it. So, if they have an issue,
>> the risk probably
>> Yeah. Yeah. Especially from an insurance
standpoint. So I can set it up, make
sure everything's level. Make sure
everything's operational before I leave
the campsite, which is, you know,
gamechanging. And then occasionally
we'll get a call that's like, "Hey, we
can't get the stove to light." And it's
one of those like it's a weird tricky,
you know, you got to kind of like push
and hold and I have to explain it. And
but other than that, everything's, you
know, knock on wood has been smooth
sailing.
>> Yeah. I know with with our unit, we went
out and used it ourselves first and I
got to know all the quirks of it because
they're all a lot of them are the same
and but they all have something that's
just a little bit different. And so
after I really learned it just by living
in it for a few days, I had my wife hold
my phone and I just made an unlisted
YouTube video and I just walked people
through the unit. Here's the outside.
Here's you do this, you do this, here's
how you flush out the thing.
And then anytime they book, it's like
watch these. Like you must watch these.
And if I could go back in time, I would
use AI to make like a quiz, right? And
it's like, do not come pick up this unit
until you've passed this quiz,
>> you know, honestly, like I need to know
that you know what you're doing for both
of our safety.
>> Yeah. And a lot of that is spelled out
in the in the supplemental rental
agreement that we got. And it's huge
that it spells out all of those things
in writing and they do sign and agree
that like especially when it comes to
dumping the tanks and things that go
into the waste tanks. That's a big deal.
That's where I see a lot of horror
stories in the community.
>> Okay. So, theoretically, if this season
goes about as well, if not better, then
you'll have this thing paid off in a few
years, right? You'll own it outright and
then your profit will be much much
higher.
>> Mhm.
>> Do you want to scale this business? Are
you trying to buy more or what's the
future look like? We we want to the the
issue we ran into was we live in a HOA
on a culde-sac with no no driveway space
and no property with like rules like
don't have a camper at your house more
than 48 hours. So
>> yeah.
>> Yeah. We're like it works now. We need a
new house.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> So that's kind of the journey we're on
right now is like do we scale this? do
uh we for a while some friends of ours
had a little teardrop camper that we
took on as like a consignment. So then
we didn't have to buy it. We just split
the nightly rate with them.
>> That's a whole industry in and of
itself, right? Just renting out others
RVs.
>> Yeah. So if we did scale it, that would
probably have to be the way where it's
like we find people that have campers
relatively close that live near us that
we could go get it, prep it, split the
nightly rate, and then we're not out
another $20,000. Well, what's cool about
this business is that even though this
is your business unit, you have your own
on any given night where it's not
booked, you can take it out for free,
quote unquote, for free, right? Like
those are just bonus nights. Did you
guys take advantage of that at all or
did you use your other RV for stuff like
that?
>> This camper is solely business for us.
Like we don't even we don't use it at
all. The closest thing we've done to
using it ourselves was we took our
neighbors camping because they've always
wanted to go and they don't have a a
camper and we're like, "Well, just we'll
take the rental."
>> Yeah. All right. So, if you were to buy
another one or when you buy another one,
what type of unit? Pull behind, longer,
shorter, class A, class B, class C. We
really like the bunk house. It was huge
for us to make sure whatever we got
doesn't actually have any slide outs,
which is a really popular thing that
people love because you have a ton of
space inside, but that the number one
failing part on an RV is a slide out
motor. And it it increases the risk of
water leaks as well.
>> Water leaks, the the motor fails, you
can't get the slide out back in when you
need to return it. I also realized like
a lot of potential renters don't even
know what a slide out is. They don't
know it is called that. They don't know
what to look for. They don't know to ask
for it. So, you're paying out the butt
for this feature that breaks, that
leaks,
>> and people don't even need it or want it
or know that it exists, right? They
don't know what they're missing.
>> Yeah. And that's another thing. Um,
we're always looking for things that are
feature light. So,
>> like it has an AMFM Bluetooth radio, but
that's about like there's no TVs.
There's no like some people are like,
"Do you provide Wi-Fi?" and you're no
like cuz that's just another thing that
can break and we have to support and get
that phone call at 3 a.m.
>> So like the basics.
>> Yeah. And like things are trending away
from that anyway. Like a lot of airlines
aren't even selling TVs anymore cuz
people have their phones,
>> you know. Okay. So, love the business.
Would you recommend it to others? I
think I would if you if you had some
kind of cash to to end in end this in
the ability to to pull it like you do
need a truck or if you you know unless
you do a class C or like a sprinter van
you know what do they call it class B.
>> Class B. Yeah.
>> If you have like a driving unit you know
you could probably pull it off but
they're just super expensive. I mean you
get into class B's and they're like
$80,000 to start with.
>> Yeah. Guys, I hate to break it to you,
but you're not very likely to actually
start a business based on something you
see or hear on this podcast, unless you
spend a little more time with me and
with other people that are doing just
that. So, come check out TK Owners.
That's tkowners.com where hundreds of
people are launching, starting, testing,
experimenting with business ideas that
they heard from this podcast. If you
want to go fast, go alone. If you want
to go far, go together. Check out
tkowners.com. We'd love to have you.
Yeah. So, just for those listening or
watching, class A is like a a touring
bust, right? Like Dave Matthews band,
they're in like a class A. It's huge.
It's massive. It's diesel. You can't
park it. I would not recommend it. Those
can be hundreds of thousands to even
millions of dollars. There's a there's a
world where that's a good business.
People do rent those, but like not for
the faint of heart. Class B is like your
decked out sprinter van, like the nomad
lifestyle. If you go to like Moab, Utah
or whatever, you're probably renting one
of those for a ton. That's a whole
industry in and of itself. It thrives
out west, especially um not so much in
like the southeast, but anywhere there
are mountains. And those are, like you
said, those are really expensive, but
they rent out for about the same amount
as a class C. So, when I did this, I did
all my research and everything screamed
at me class C motor home, which that's
that's a motor home. That's kind of what
what you're used to seeing. You drive
it, it's all one unit. It's nice because
the family can walk around. It's just
all there. You don't have to separate
your vehicle from it. And you can even
tow a vehicle if you want. But the
trade-off is they usually have slide
outs. They break. They leak. There's a
lot that can go wrong on that thing. Um
and they're not very safe, honestly. And
my my family saw all 50 states. Well, 48
in a class C in 48 days. And then we saw
Alaskan, Hawaii. We flew there. But um
it was very reliable, 13,000 miles, but
not super safe. And then you have a pull
behind like like what you have where you
just attach it to the hitch and then you
have like a gooseeneck pull behind where
you need like
>> you need a gooseeneck truck like you
need the what's it called like when it's
in the bed of the truck.
>> Yeah. Fifth wheel.
>> Yeah. Fifth wheel. Fifth wheel.
>> And then you have what they call toy
haulers which is like a pull behind but
the the back third of it is just a big
open room to put like side by sides,
ATVs, motocross,
>> etc. Did I miss any categories or is
that about it?
>> Uh teardrops.
>> Teardrops. Yeah. like the rounded
aerodynamic type
>> Airstreams. Is that a teardrop?
>> No, Airstreams is they're technically
just a travel trailer, but it's just a
really nice They're a unibody like
aircraft grade thing. They're they cost
$130,000. They're
>> I would to that's my retirement camper.
Like when we get there someday, that's
>> yeah,
>> what I'll get. But teardrops are great
cuz there like a couple can take it, you
know, on a road trip sightseeing and
just kind of camp along the way or you
know what I mean? They're just very
small and you can pull them with
anything. They're they're super light.
Yeah.
>> And then they have like pop-ups, right?
>> Pop-ups.
>> Do they make those anymore?
>> Yeah, they do. I would probably I was
just actually talking the couple that we
rented their teardrop. They're they're
selling it and they're cuz they had a
baby and so they need something bigger
and so we're advising them on what to
buy and cuz we want to rent out their
next camper. And I'm like, "Okay, if you
get a popup, get like the the A-frame
ones that are hard shell." Um, and not
like the canvas because dealing with the
canvas is is kind of a nightmare. If it
rains, it gets wet and when you bring it
back, you have to set it all back up and
dry it out and it gets it can get moldy
and there's just a ton of issues there.
>> Yeah. Well, let's move on to your
podcast business. Podcast business.
>> Sure.
>> When did you launch that and why? Okay,
so we started a YouTube channel called
uh My Dad's Radio. And um in the process
of that, bought a ton of gear for the
studio, uh mostly as a hobby project.
I'm a lifelong musician. I had this
idea, let's create a collective of of
like 30, 40 people that come together
randomly and we record and and we put
out videos on YouTube. And I worked at
Sweetwater at the time, so I I got a
really good employee discount. So it was
a little bit addictive. So, I just I had
a bunch of gear. I had the studio. And
so, I just opened it up to bands, people
that need mixing, mastering. Um, and
that's it's more of I would say that's
definitely more of an ini a side hustle
territory. It does a on on a bad month,
I'll do about $200 in revenue. Um, but
I've done up to like two grand in a
month. I produced an audio book for an
author um who didn't want to use AI. He
he was a a autobiography. He had written
about his brother with intellectual and
developmental disabilities and he it was
from him. It you know he wanted to read
the book. So that was a nice good paying
gig. So
>> So this is kind of like a passion
project. You're not trying to make
millions of bucks but you wanted to
build this out for yourself anyway. So
why not monetize it now?
>> Yep.
>> Do you you make money by renting it out
per hour?
>> I'm trying to figure out what the market
will take. I'm in a unique town. Um,
Fort Wayne is home to Sweetwater and I
don't know if you're familiar with
Sweetwater, but they are the largest
retail music store in North America. So,
they're directly competing with Guitar
Center.
>> Okay.
>> Um, so they sell, you know, the thing,
our microphones, proauudio gear,
guitars, lighting, band and orchestra
instruments, billions of dollar company.
They employ a sales staff of around 500
people. And I say that to say every
sales engineer at Sweetwater has a
recording studio. So there's like what
400 direct competitors to me.
>> Yeah.
>> In my town.
>> Yeah. The worst place you could do this.
>> Yeah. And Sweetwater itself has a
worldass recording studio like on
campus. So
>> the slant I'm trying to take is like I
don't just do audio. I I I do video. So
I've had video production companies in
the past. I have a lot of the gear and
the knowhow. So, if you want to do like
live recorded videos, band demos for,
you know, booking shows and those sorts
of things, that's kind of how I'm trying
to position this space is like bring
your band and we'll do a live recording
on video for Instagram and YouTube and
all those things.
>> Yeah. What about renting it out to
podcasters? Do you think that'd be
viable?
>> I think it would. We would probably need
to do some some decorating just to like
make it I guess visually appealing space
rather than like a music space, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Um but I think that's definitely an
option.
>> Do I dare ask how much it cost to build
out that studio?
>> Oh gosh. Oh no. Let's say we're sitting
at about $30,000 retail of gear in here.
>> I just built out my own studio upstairs
and it was about the same.
>> Yeah. So, I'm curious because I've heard
I've heard you mention the studio
upstairs. Now, is that because you want
to do more in real like real life
podcast style things,
>> move away from from virtual stuff. Yeah.
>> Okay. Yeah. I love those those videos
where you are going on site with people
and and in their business. I think even
commented on one of your videos was
like, I love this format when you did
like the washer rental.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Like this is awesome.
>> Yeah. Thanks. That was the most viewed
video ever that I posted. David, is
there anything that we that we missed
that maybe people could or should know
before getting into any of these
businesses?
>> I think just you can start low tech. You
don't have to be fancy about this stuff.
Do some research around what you think
you can rent out. See if there's other
people doing it. I mean, I I did a
similar thing like I went on Facebook
Marketplace even um and on a wide area
in my region and saw that people were
were renting out totes and I even I did
the same thing I did with RVs. I reached
out to those people and said, "Hey, I
see you're renting out totes. Like,
how's it going?" And I've done the same
thing with like I found a company called
Binit. There's another company. I think
it's Bins on the Move out out your way.
Um like Blue Bins. He actually is a
moving company as well. Don't be afraid
to reach out to people that are already
doing it because you'd be surprised how
open and friendly people are and helpful
to to help other entrepreneurs in the
space and kind of give you a leg up on
what you should think about or what you
should do. Just like that Facebook group
I joined for the RV rentals, like full
circle, same thing. Like
>> what do I what am I what do I not know?
What what are the what are the risks?
What are the nightmare horror stories
I'm going to deal with? How can I avoid,
you know, those things?
>> That's beautiful. Thank you, David. This
is awesome. I love multipreneurs such as
myself. Uh if people want to learn more
from you, where can they find you?
>> So I'm on X at David Stillson.
>> Perfect. Well, thanks for coming, David.
>> All right. Thanks for having me.
>> All right. All right, what' you think?
Please share it with a friend and we'll
see you next time on the Coloner